delete selection before pasting or entering char
use many more terminfo capabilities, init with common strings but replace
  or perhaps throw out terminfo altogether
fix bold fonts inconsistency
copy GID and perhaps other fstat fields to new file when saving
support '~' convention in file names
allow scroll so that last line is at top of screen
fix cut and paste
perhaps some mouse support
add goto line and goto line/col command line switches
auto resize screen with multiple views, handle screen sized to too small
handle padding if present
resolve terminfo deficiencies: just need key names bound to functions,
	intermediate form of esc seq is necessary, are capabilities?
line drawing and line overflow uses PC byte values, need to abstract
ensure win32 and dos versions work

Bugs:
	non-cr-lf files still get cr sometimes, check auto-indent
	can't open file with spaces in name or path
	scroll to end of line
	search messed up on cr-lf
	search and replace loses dotrow
	empty line is selected like a tab

handle close and break events in win32
support windows clipboard
move dovepath to per-directory

. more history lists

.	Needed functions:
		Save all changed with out exiting.
		Improved DOS/SHELL access functions.
.	Remove functions that could be done with macros, like Dyslexic key.
.	Add multiple .cfg files to emulate other editors.
.	Add option to autoindent mode to indent as far as possible, such
	as to right-most tab on the line (bullet mode).
.	/Config file option
.	save all modes in buffer header rather than global.
.	macros
		really need to have macro language
		add named macros and auto init macros based on file extensions
		operate at function level, not keystroke level
		add permanent macro dirty flag to prompt for saving on exit
		macros are command types like REPT, INSERTCHAR, etc, the
			macro type should allow for permanent or temporary macros
		maybe each macro could be abort on failure, or prompt for
			abort/continue on failure of certain functions while recording
		add export/import ASCII functions or 
		wrap display macros screen, allow for multiple screens
		macros should be able to call other macros, macro stack,
			but must check for and disallow indirect recursive calls

CONSIDER
.	regular expressions in search, replace
.	pick lists?, remember which files and where?, environment configuration?
.	undo, redo?
.	Four bookmark keys
.	Add popup window functions for select file, buffer manipulation.
.	Possibly attach modes to each buffer, like DOT and MARK:
	overwrite, wordwrap, indent, tabs. Automatic macro that is
	executed on each file when it is edited by extension.
.	A macro key could also have its own cut buffer, allowing
	a key to be assigned to a marked block, rather than recording a
	block as a macro as is done now.
